

<h1>
THE HISTORY OF HOPE CC

About a decade ago, a couple devoted to serve 
the Lord decided to go back to their homeland. 
They thought of planting a church in the heart 
of the Philippine Islands where their roots are from. 
The Panay mission humbly started from a small 
home Bible study in Savannah Iloilo Subdivision.
 
Around January 2014, their hearts’ desire was partially 
answered. With God’s abundant provision, a 566 sqm lot
located in the Municipality of Pavia in Iloilo Province was 
acquired. 

Pastor Godfrey and his wife, Gloria, then decided to build the new 
church in this locality. They foresaw that many families would be brought 
closer to the Lord with the more than twenty new villages and subdivisions 
being developed around the locality.

God’s ministry continued as a church building was designed and constructed 
with the help of Pastor Godfrey’s nephew who was an architect. The design 
was not only a place of worship but also incorporated a library, an AV room, 
a pastor’s office, a small room for the Children’s ministry and spacious 
rooms to accommodate visiting ministers and their families. The construction 
started on September 2015.






2016 Milestones - The CHURCH BUILDING was completed!

A small group started to gather in May and by July of 2016, worship services 
have begun. Indeed, the Lord brought some 20 families who regularly attend 
these church services.

By God’s overwhelming grace, on October 1, 2016, a time capsule was 
placed as a symbol of Hope Christian Church of Pavia, Inc humble beginnings. 
Thus, the first formal worship service was held on October 2, 2016, which also 
marks the October Anniversary month. 

As a formal organization, it was duly registered under the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) as a non-profit non-stock organization by November22, 2017.



  With the continuing support of HOPE CC’s partners here and abroad, the church ministry c
  ontinues to grow. It has engaged the community with various avenues wherein the Gospel 
  will be shared in every home: from the child, the youth, the parent, and to the grandparents. 

  Through the help of its core members, HOPE CC was also able to acquire the adjacent lot 
  within Centro Verde Subdivision for future ministry use. 


In spite of the pandemic brought about the 
COVID-19 virus, the church continues to worship 
and serve the Lord through various ministries: 


Home Bible Study

Youth ReGEN: Basketball, Camps

Art classes

Early childhood Education

Feeding Program

Parenting Class

Medical Mission



It continues to edify the body of believers through: 

Corporate Prayers
Worship
Baptism
Bible Study for all ages
Outreach in Panay Island’s rural areas
Youth fellowship and 
Women’s monthly fellowship

Also a source of encouragement to the fellow ministry 
workers in the field, HOPE CC also devoted itself to:

Pastors’ Continuing Education
Pastors and Wives’ Annual Appreciation
Pastors Kids’ Retreat
Pastor’s Assistance Program

To the regions and beyond, HOPE CC continuously
extends the Kingdom of God through the Hope
Community Radio in the city of Roxas, Capiz
Province. 

At the same time, Church Planting and 
Medical Missions are actively pursued in the 
Municipality of Kalibo, Aklan Province. 

All to God, be the glory! 



- “Being confident of this, that He who began a good work in you will carry it onto completion, until the day of Christ Jesus.”

- Philippians 1:6</h1>
